A series of 4 films, Kinshasa (2018), Shenzhen (2019), New York (2019) and Dakar (2018). The project explores the relationship between digital technology, cybernetics, colonialism and the reenchanted notion of a Non-Aligned Humanist Utopia.  
  
The four films of Core Dump are rhizomatic assemblages of found footage, performance documentation and recorded interviews that form narrative portraits of the uncertainty in the nervous system of the digital earth. The films are fragmented arrangements of images and sounds, with each chapter forming links across geographic and temporal discontinuities.   
  
The conceptual framework draws from audiovisual archives, and responds to the pan-African, Marxist utopias of early African cinema (specifically Ousmane Sembene’s films), and a range of writers and thinkers – from Donna Haraway, Sylvia Wynter and Louis Chude-Sokei to Gayatri Spivak, Franz Fanon, and Aimé Césaire.

## Film 1: Dakar (2018)

 Remarks: Senegal colonialism rediscovered in ewaste fabrication, the 
- What is the connection of Francois birth place and the 4 cities
- What is the connection between Senegal, Kongo, the US, and Japan?

## Film 2: Kinshasha (Kongo)

Remarks: The lights of western machines, like the car and the screen as animalising and civilizing forces

## Film 3: Shenzhen 

Remarks: River witch grants wish to chinese electronic factory’s CEO whose son is 

## Interview 1

https://artafricamagazine.org/ccore-dump/

- What are you currently working on?
- Do you want to continue working on critical films?
	- Is it possible to design and develop digital technologies and practices not aligned with hegemonic and neocolonialist models? Are digital technologies solely products of Western culture? Are there laboratories for alternative practices? Are other futures possible or desirable? Can we still think in terms of utopias if we consider, like sociologist Joseph Tonda, that we are ruled by the tyranny of screens?
- 